Foundation: I am a leader - take complete charge
Action taker
Personal Branding
Leader with in You
I help people 
Take charge take ownership
You have to take the appropriate action in the right time--Frog Story
Technology is every where in the life
Work will be automated like chatgpt
Learn and unlearn

If you want to prepare,you first need to be aware
Awareness is the starting point.
Smart work (No Hard work) - CEO is also working 8hrs
Take charge work harder on your self.
Conitnous upskilling

Mindset and less skills also ok.
Start work on your self and don't worry about your challenges.
9 to 5 you have a boss your self.
5 to 9 you are your own boss.Sharpen your axe.
Quick decision making is a smart worker.
One bit clarity you can make action. Circle of Clarity.
1% Self improvement Every Day, I mean little improvement.
Consistency over internsity.Place Alarm 
Complete what you starting
Make a growth Ritual.

The PAreto Princicple : 80 20 Rule -- Reduce Effort and Increase Results.

6 I Framework: 

Tree Example: Problem, find the root cause
Identiy --> Your character,values,Mindset.
Minset/Attitude-->Behaviour-->REsults
90% Consitioing happens in the Childhood.

Self Concept
(Self ideals+self image(Leader/follower)+self esstem(Happy/Critical))

If you have higher results if you have higher self concept,no need better skills
Focus on Self Concept
Small things --Neural Paths, It will change the neural things.Small small things show proactiveness.
Affirmations -- I am a powerful communicator and Great Leader, Just do action, Unless until you combine.
What is boss and Bosses expectation?
Work Culture is the identity of the Organization?
Your identity matches to Orinization identity.
you and your role has to match.
Create identiy and show case it.
LeaderShip as a MindSet.
Communication is the Results.
Skill is the Result.

Identity: Personal Branding
Break the mental barrier

Intent: Tangiable(short term and long term)/Intangiable(Stop and ask yourself).

Identity +Intent = Clarity